[WIP] Two step admission deocumentation (#1181)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/concepts/_index.md

independently from [pod priority](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/).  
This priority value from a `WorkloadPriorityClass` is only used for managing the queueing and preemption of [Workloads](#workload).

### [Admission Check](/docs/concepts/admission_check)

> A mechanism allowing custom internal or external components to control the timing of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A mechanism allowing internal or external components to influence the timing of
```

Author: done

workloads admission.

![Components](/images/queueing-components.svg)

## Glossary

### Quota Reservation

Sometimes referred to as _workload scheduling_ or _job scheduling_
(not to be confused with [pod scheduling](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/)).
Is the process during which the kueue scheduler locks the resources needed by a workload within the targeted [ClusterQueues ResourceGroups](/docs/concepts/cluster_queue/#resource-groups)

### Admission

The process of admitting a Workload to start (Pods to be created). A Workload

> is admitted when it has a Quota Reservation and all it's potential [AdmissionCheckStates](/docs/concepts/admission_check)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is admitted when it has a Quota Reservation and all its [AdmissionCheckStates](/docs/concepts/admission_check)
```

Author: done
